Xianyun Nao Qiao
Flying Star Hate
Silver man far and dark
Golden wind and jade dew meet
There are countless victories in the world
How is that possible?
This bastard can really write poetry
tender like water
Good season like a dream
Forbear Gu Queqiao Return Road
If the relationship lasts for a long time
Is it day and night
Hmm, nice speech.
May the prince and his sister talk to Mei about the case
Centennial Harmony
Rong'er didn't say that Jiang Wanyue was ignorant
I didn't expect him to be so talented
How does this poem sister like?
Thank you for the prompt to my sister
The emperor's minister and father dared to ban words
Say
Nice words.
It's not for newlyweds. Besides
Besides, he had never studied poetry before entering the palace
Now you can make poetry like this
My father thought there must be a problem
You suspect that I asked someone to bring a pen
Is the emperor
The minister's father is unwilling to let the words written with a pen in one hand
Missed the prince's wedding
Can you bet me
If I make another poem to prove myself
How are you
If you are really talented
I kneel down and apologize to you
Taozhi Yaoyao
Burn its brilliance
Son returns
Yiqi Family
Taozhi Yaoyao
There is a time
Son returns
Yiqi Family
Taozhi Yaoyao
Its business is sturdy
Son returns
Yiqi family
Guan Yue
So I never thought
You are so talented